Bristol, Rhode Island 's
America's Oldest Continuous Fourth of July Celebration
HOME
HISTORY

PARADE

CELEBRATION

EVENTS

OFFICIAL SOUVENIRS

FUNDRAISING

ABOUT US

Live Concert
Fourth of July Celebration
2025 Summer Concert Series
Official Line-up
Roger Williams University
Saturday, June 21 - Wednesday, July 2, 2025
SATURDAY: JUNE 21 - 6:30PM / 8:00PM
KATE AND THE MONGRELS
Kate and The Mongrels, a 4-piece Rock n Roll cover band, is a powerhouse of musical talent that aims to bring back nostalgia of the 70s through the 90s.  Led by the powerful vocalist Kate Terrien and accompanied by the dynamic musicians Buzzy Ketz on guitar, Rick Lawson on bass, and Brian Overwood on drums, the band covers iconic artists like Janis Joplin, Heart, Led Zeppelin, Sass Jordan, Black Crowes, and many more.  If you’re looking to relive the magic of classic rock hits and experience an unforgettable musical journey, Kate and The Mongrels is the band to watch out for.

CRUSHED VELVET
Crushed Velvet is a high energy rock band, tributing the golden age of the 1970’s rock.  Their performance includes songs from bands such as David Bowie, Queen, Foghat, Led Zeppelin, Aerosmith… etc….  A popular act on the local club scene, the members include Joe Scolaro lead vocals and guitar, Steve Howe backing vocals and guitar, Buzz Ketz backing vocals and bass and Rick Pimental on Drums.   Crushed Velvet share a passion for live exciting visual performances that are sure to bring crowds of all ages to their feet.  A fan favorite.

Concert Sponsors:
 
SUNDAY: JUNE 22- 5:00PM / 6:30PM / 8:00PM
HOUSTON BERNARD
Houston Bernard's country roots run deep with a family tree that includes songwriters, touring musicians and an outlaw gunfighter nicknamed “Bitter Creek” who The Eagles recorded a song about on Desperado. Born in Oklahoma, raised in Alaska, he’s also an Army veteran who has now comfortably settled into life as a professional and popular independent country music recording artist, touring throughout the United States. With musical inspirations that range from Bruce Springsteen to Dolly Parton, Houston draws upon his family’s rich country and rockabilly musical roots by bringing upbeat and relatable music with powerhouse vocals. With original songs like “All We Are Is Memories,” “People We Are,” and “American Dream” Houston has garnered hundreds of thousands of streams across Spotify and YouTube, along with being featured on Country Rebel, CMT.com, The Heartland Network, and The Country Network. He’s also shared bills with many country superstars like Luke Bryan, Old Dominion, Granger Smith, Michael Ray, Montgomery Gentry, Marshall Tucker Band, and Clint Black. One listen to his forthcoming new single “Hangover,” produced by hitmaker Bill McDermott in Nashville’s Omni Sound Studios, and it's immediately evident that they've recorded a country rocker fit for most any honky tonk on a Friday or Saturday night. One thing is for sure… this young country cowboy rocker is doing in the music business what he’s done throughout his entire life: movin’ on up

HEARTLAND RADIO
Heartland Radio plays “The Best Country Music on the Airwaves”.  Their live shows are a mix of fun, boot-scootin’ dance songs for everyone that likes to boogie down and the best heartstring-tugging slow songs to share with your lover or significant other.  Heartland Radio tells relatable stories about fun, love, honesty, loss and heartbreak that makes country music the most popular genre in America.

21 GUNS
21 GUNS is a Rhode Island based Rock Cover Band entering our 13th year in the local music scene.
Our members include:

Steve Lombari - Lead Vocals / Harmonica; Bob Brouillard - Guitar/Vocals;

Bill Toth - Guitar/Vocals; Phil Squatch - Bass/Vocals; Anthony Frattarelli – Drums

Concert Sponsors:
 
MONDAY: JUNE 23- 6:30PM / 8:00PM
EAST BAY SUMMER WIND ENSEMBLE
The East Bay Summer Wind Ensemble was organized in June of 1976 by Founder and Conductor, Lt. Col. Steven Grimo (former Commander/Conductor of the United States Airforce Academy) of Bristol, R.I. as a non-profit, educational community music program to offer residents of the East Bay area of Rhode Island and Southeastern Massachusetts a chance to become actively involved in cultural activities.  This year EBSWE celebrates its 50th Anniversary!  EBSWE held the first performance of what became the Bristol 4th of July Concert Series on July 3, 1976 on the steps of Colt School.  Now in the 49th year, the ensemble is currently led by Mr. David M. Marshall, who is now in his 20th year as the organization’s President and Director.   The ensemble ‘s Assistant Conductor is Mr. Ted Rausch of Bands at Portsmouth High School in Portsmouth, RI where the group runs its rehearsals throughout the summer.  EBSWE performs a wide variety of concert repertoire including musical genres spanning from Patriotic to Broadway.  Movie Music to Traditional and Contemporary Symphonic Literature.  Each Summer the group performs throughout the East Bay Area giving community musicians a chance to advance their instrumental music skills in a concert band setting, while entertaining audiences at beautiful outdoor venues

JACK TAR BRASS BAND
Navy Band Northeast’s Jack Tar Brass Band delivers high-energy performances across a 10-state area in the Northeast. They play an entertaining and eclectic mix of music, from traditional New Orleans-style jazz to today’s Top 40.

Members:

Musician 2nd Class Mike Brehm (Unit Leader), Trumpet

Musician 1st Class Mike Miragliotta, Trombone

Musician 1st Class Eric Sider, Trumpet

Musician 2nd Class Nate Cooper, Trombone

Musician 2nd Class Justin Laukat, Saxophone

Musician 2nd Class Erin Paxton, Saxophone

Musician 3rd Class Nolan Derrick, Sousaphone

Musician 3rd Class Josh Mclean, Drum Set

Concert Sponsors:
 
TUESDAY: JUNE 24 - 5:45PM / 6:30PM / 8:00PM
BRISTOL COUNTY CHORUS
BEAT SALAD
The Bristol County Chorus (BCC) is a diverse and inclusive, non-auditioned group of individuals that love to sing! Mrs. Joan Roth of Bristol started this community chorus in 1981! Now, 43 years later we are under the direction and teaching of Mr. Nicholas Rocha and we are proud to present quality choral concerts twice a year in the East Bay area. This year we will be presenting our 3rd annual Joan Roth music scholarship in the hopes of keeping music alive for generations to come

Beat Salad, a fusion powerhouse quartet, ignites stages with their electrifying blend of funk, soul and groove.  George Correira sets the pulse with his dynamic drumming and soulful vocals, while Mike Rubino delivers fiery guitarist licks and smooth vocals.  Scott Beauregard anchors the band with his funky bass lines laying down the foundation that is impossible not to groove to.  Together, they are joined by Ron Machado, whose mastery of trumpet, percussion, and EWI Steiner, and unique vocal sound adds a dynamic layer to their sound.   With original compositions, deep covers, and fun arrangements, Beat Salad delivers an unforgettable musical experience that transcends genre boundaries and captivates audiences worldwide, leaving them craving for more with each performance. 

MR. CHUBB
Known for their electric blend of Rock, Funk and music, Chubb has performed at various venues and festivals in the northeast and as far as the Florida Keys.  The band has been together for over twenty-five years with not many changes in personnel.  With a dynamic lead singer Kim Mchale kickin it and backed by a powerful rhythm section with the Chubb horns you will get off your feet, and put your dancin shoes on.

Concert Sponsors:
 
WEDNESDAY: JUNE 25- 6:30PM / 8:00PM
ANDRE ARSENAULT & FRIENDS
Andre Arsenault is a dynamic entertainer who performs over a hundred events each year from weddings to private events to nightclubs to bars throughout the Southern New England area. He has grown a loyal fanbase as an acoustic performer and soulful singer who puts his own spin on rock, pop, folk, blues, country and so much more.  He has gained notoriety for his engaging livestream concerts and original songs about his hometown of Bristol, RI. With an ever-growing repertoire spanning over 7 decades, Andre is at home with any crowd.

STEPPIN' OUT FEAT. NEW IMAGE
Steppin Out Feat: New Image has been together for 10 years as a R.I. based high energy dance/show band consisting of six well-seasoned musicians who individually have opened for and played with National recording artists such as The Whispers, Confunkshun, Tavares, also being showcased in casinos, private parties and weekend gigs.   This flashy, well-dressed band will have you dancing to the funky beats of the 70’s up to today’s music.  So fasten your seat belts and take this ride and groove with us to the likes of Barry White, Hall and Oates, Doobie Brothers, Bruno Mars, Earth Wind Fire, Kool and the Gang old and new school for all.

Concert Sponsors:
 
THURSDAY: JUNE 26 - 6:30PM / 8:00PM
Led by award-winning lead singer, Cidalia America, Whiskey Saints is a 7-piece, high-energy R & B band formed in 2018.  They opened for several semi-national acts, headlined numerous special events at Gillette Stadium’s Patriot Place, and have been featured at several larger festivals and concert series in New England. The band is thrilled to be part of this year’s 4th of July celebration in Bristol, RI and look forward to bringing the music lovers at Roger Williams to their feet. 

WHISKEY SAINTS
BEST OF FOO
The Best of Foo is a group comprised of talented professional musicians dedicated to providing a true Foo Fighters concert experience.   Our goal is to deliver the songs and energy level as if you were attending a live Foo Fighters show

Concert Sponsors:
 
FRIDAY: JUNE 27- 7:00PM
7 DAY WEEKEND
Bringing you all the hits from every generation, 7 Day Weekend is truly unique in their brand of fun, diversity and variety. Current Top 40 hits from, Beyonce, Taylor Swift, Bruno Mars, Justin Bieber, and the Chainsmokers are just some of the artists showcased on the always evolving set list. If it’s rock anthems you like, 7 Day Weekend will have you singing your lungs out to favorites by Def Leppard, Journey, Bon Jovi up through Third Eye Blind, Sublime, Blink 182 and Fallout Boy. And when you’re ready for some guilty pleasures, 7 Day Weekend has you covered on all bases. Whether it’s a medley of country classics, a mix of 90’s hip hop, or some classic Michael Jackson, Isley Brothers, Grease, or even a surprise or two, you are guaranteed to be on your feet, out of breath, begging for more. 

7 Day Weekend has the ability to play intimate venues, large nightclubs, private events, black-tie affairs, weddings (large and small), outdoor festivals and everything in between. 
If you're game to sing until you lose your voice, don't mind getting sweaty, dancing up a storm, ready to party like a rockstar, and make some new best friends in the process, come party with 7 Day Weekend!
Concert Sponsors:
 
SATURDAY: JUNE 28 - 6:30PM / 8:00PM
PLAYING MANTIS
Playing Mantis is a Rhode Island based five-piece classic rock band that was established in 2018 and brings many years of experience to a variety of New England’s finest entertainment establishments.  The band prides itself on its strong vocals, soaring three-part harmonies and outstanding musicianship.  Bringing the classic rock hits from the 70’s to the present, every Playing Mantis show is an experience of high energy and fun. Our members include Adrienne West, Bruce Zarembka, Mike Purcell, Paul Furtado and Justin Lyon.

FULL TILT
Full Tilt is a high energy rock band from Southeastern MA/RI , bringing you the best of the 90’s and 2000s rock and alternative rock.   We pride ourselves in our engaging concert experience that will keep you singing and dancing all night.   From Stone Temple Pilots and Pearl Jam to Foo Fighters, Green Day, and beyond we cover the iconic bands that defined a generation. If you are ready to let loose and vibe to killer tunes, join us for night of pure rock & roll.  See you there!

Concert Sponsors:
 
SUNDAY: JUNE 29 - 7:00PM
CHANGES IN LATITUDE
Changes In Latitudes is the country’s premier tribute show to the Mayor of Margaritaville, Jimmy Buffett.  This nationally acclaimed band travels the country with beach balls flying, dancing conga lines, and “Trop Rock” for all.  It’s the ultimate beach party that’s good clean fun for all ages.  Throughout its ten year history, the band has traveled from Maine to Barbados, and Cape Cod to Chicago.  From the Walt Disney Theaters aboard the Disney Cruise ships to the National Hamburger Festival in Ohio, Changes In Latitudes has thrilled audiences with an amazingly authentic reproduction of the Jimmy Buffett concert experience.  Don your Parrothead gear and come to Bristol’s  “Island of Margaritaville”   

Concert Sponsors:
 
MONDAY: JUNE 30 - 5:45PM / 6:30PM / 8:00PM
MT. HOPE HIGH SCHOOL
POP-UP
Students from the Mt. Hope High School Music Program perform.

RUSTY
RUSTY is a classic rock cover band based in Rhode Island, playing songs by artists like the Rolling Stones, The Red-Hot Chili Peppers, ZZ Top and many more.  Over the years the band has gained a strong local following and played at numerous venues and events throughout Rhode Island and Massachusetts.  They are excited to be playing at the Bristol 4th of July Concert Series and they’re fired up to be some genuine classic rock to the celebration. Its members hail from South Kingstown, North Kingstown, Westerly and Bristol. RUSTY is Mike Komorowski (drum/vocals), Patrick Cozzolino (lead guitar), John Cerra (keyboards/harmonica/vocals) and Mark McGrady (rhythm guitar/vocals).

THE COMPLAINTS
The Complaints are a modern rock band led by guitarist/front man Dean Petrella, with bassist Chris Cruz and drummer Anthony Marotti. The band is based out of Providence RI but can be found performing in New York City, Nashville, Boston, Austin and many other major cities, In addition to performing songs from their 5 award winning albums, they are known to cover great artists ranging from Tom Petty to Post Malone. They have high energy live shows that will keep you grooving all night.  2025 is another great year for The Complaints as they tour and promote their 5th full-length album, Chasing Light and multiple recent singles. The band is also writing material for various soundtracks while they continue to perform over 150 live shows a year.

The Complaints have shared the stage with many international acts including Train, Gin Blossoms, Sugar Ray [w/ Mark McGrath], Young the Giant, Collective Soul, 3 Doors Down, Nickleback, Guster and have won numerous awards including ‘Album of the Year’ for Fear in the Providence Phoenix Best Music Poll, ‘Best Male Vocalist’ and ‘Band of the Year’ awards in New England’s Motif Magazine. They showcased at SXSW in Austin Texas, Texas Indie Fest, many Nashville songwriter events and continue to grow their fan base in the US and Europe.

Concert Sponsors:
 
TUESDAY: JULY 1 - 6:30PM / 8:00PM 
88TH ARMY BAND
The 88th Army Band, as part of the Rhode Island Army National Guard,  has the primary responsibility to provide Musical Support across the state. The  Band has a long and proud history of service to our State and Country. Instituted in 1892, the band  performs  a wide range of music from patriotic, classical, contemporary, big band swing, country, and the latest top-40 hits. Their Pop Rock Ensemble is consistently in the top East Coast Army Ensembles. Their show is a lively Patriotic presentation coupled with a high energy Rock set that will keep everyone thoroughly entertained.

TIMELESS
Timeless plays music from throughout the rock era, from The Beatles and Steely Dan to Johnny Cash and Morgan Wallen. In addition to covers, Timeless is also working on new original music.​

 

Over the years, the boys have played numerous venues throughout the northeast, including the Newport Jazz Festival, Hard Rock Boston, Ballard's Block Island, Bally's Twin River Casino, Sotheby's New York, as well as countless public and private events, weddings, and parties. 

​

Timeless provides a fun and energetic atmosphere in venues small and large with music you can sing and dance along to. The band is available for various events, including restaurants, bars, parties, weddings, events, and everything in between.

​

Concert Sponsors:
 
WEDNESDAY: JULY 2 - 6:00PM
BACK IN THE DAY
Is an International touring Rock N‘ Roll 80’s tribute band with Norwegian and Royal Caribbean Cruise Lines. Originating in Boston, MA. BITD  not only travels the world, but performs locally throughout the Northeast. BITD has performed in some of the biggest outdoor festivals in the North East of the United States along with Casinos and Nightclubs. BITD is well known for performing on Norwegian and Royal Caribbean Cruise Line ships as a Theatre Act and has traveled to over 35 countries since 2019 from Australia to the Mediterranean, The Baltic to Alaska, and throughout the Caribbean and Bahamas. Relive the music of Journey, Bon Jovi, Van Halen, STYX, Boston, Loverboy, Whitesnake, and others... Whether it’s performing on a NCL or RCI Theater Stage, Casino Concert, Headlining a Festival Event, or to the most demanding nightclub, be assured to be entertained to the best of the 80’s...“When Music was Music”