Military, Civic and Firemen's Parade
The Fourth of July Parade begins at 10:30 a.m. and will step off at the corner of Chestnut Street and Hope Street (Rt. 114) and ends on High Street, between State Street and Bradford Street. Hope Street (Rt. 114) will be closed off beginning at 8:00 a.m., including Poppasquash Road.

​

Beginning at 7:00 a.m., Chestnut Street, Naomi Street, and Sherry Avenue will be closed to traffic. A parking ban along the parade route goes into effect the night before the parade.

​

If you plan on attending the parade, please read our Tips and General information, as well as our Rules and Regulations.

​

Also available is a map of the Parade route here.
 

Interested in being a Banner Carrier in the Parade?
Click the "I Want to be a Banner Carrier" to email Heidi!

Please download the Banner Carrier Waiver from the list below.

Parade Day Parking
Parking is basically anywhere you can find it. Large lots are open to the public at the corner of Hope and Gooding.

Avoid Mt. Hope High School,
the parade forms there are participants will be parking there. If you are parking on residential streets, please be sure to avoid blocking driveways. Police will ticket.

I WANT TO BE A BANNER CARRIER
parade_image.jpg
Parade Inquiries
If your organization is interested in putting a float in the parade, visit the Parde Floats page for details and download the Float Application.

Floats
Parade Information for Participants
Parade Formation: Mt Hope High School, 199 Chestnut Street, Bristol, RI 02809

​

Start Time: Parade steps off at 10:30 AM

​

Report Time: All divisions need to report no later than 9:00 a.m., due to the high probability
of heavy traffic conditions in Bristol.  Your muster area will be either Colt State Park, or the
Mt. Hope High School, upon arrival please seek directions for your parking. Parking lots do fill quickly, and you may have to park off site and bus back in. Please plan accordingly for delays.
Your information packet included your position in the parade so please look for your division banner on poles and report to the Division Coordinator for proper placement.

​

Reminders: Remember there will be no stopping for TV cameras or interviews during the parade.  At the end of the parade we want all marchers to visit our cooling station at Mt. Carmel Church, located at the first driveway on the right, passed the northeast corner of State Street and High Street.  Buses are available for a return trip to the Mt Hope High School lot at the corner of Bradford and High Street. Throughout the day you can easily find a 4th of July Committee Member wearing a Parade Staff Shirt (blue).